Secure Catering Paymeny Service
Shen Kai 10157891
December 6, 2017

1

Essential components

To simplify, we extract serveral main operations and requirements. This part
introduce the essential parts of the whole procedures.

Detailed assumptions about termials, server and cards
For cards, we assmue that each card stores one unique number which we call
it card number. The card also have space to store payment secret. Each
card carries circuits which is able to take input and generate output after some
specific computation inlcuding (3DES and hash) when attached to the terminal.
For terminals, we assmue that each terminal store one terminal number and
one terminal secret number(permanent) which is only know to the server.
Termianls can also do other complex operations.

Mutual authentication between the Catering server and the
terminal and the session key generation
This operation happens the first time when one terminal try to communicate
with the server in a period of time. After the terminal and the server are both
authenticated,a session key which is vaild for a period of time will be generated
to encrypt the communication between the server and the terminal. The session
key is stored in the terminal with a specific lifetime. This terminal’s key is also
recorded in the server corresponding to its terminal number.

Securely athorisation
When the card needs to send authorisation to the server, the termianl send a
nounce (random number) to the card. The card uses 3DES to encrypt the nouce
with the payment secret and then hash it. The card return this value to the
terminal. The terminal send the hash value with the nouce to the server.

1

Confidential channel between server and terminals
After the mutual authentication between the Catering server and the terminal
and the session key generation, we use the session key to guarantee the security
of communication.

2

Procedure: Download payment secret

To communicate with server, the terminal needs a vaild session key. If there is
no vaild session key recorded in the terminal or in the server for this termianl.
Thenthe operation Mutual authentication between the Catering server
and the terminal and the session key generation needs to be done first.
If there is a vaild of this key is necessary, a check

3

Procedure: Authorised purchase

2

